Dragonade 1.1
Created by Whitedragon and Black-Cell.net

Special thanks to:
Vloktboky, original auther of DA and creator of server-side modding in general.
Jonwil, creating scripts.dll and tt.dll.
Ma1kel, input and ideas on various things.
ExEric3, providing hosting and test servers.
...and everyone that supported BC over the years.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Installation:

1. Download and install the latest server version of scripts.dll from http://www.tiberiantechnologies.org/downloads. Note that version 1.1 of DA 
   was designed to work with 4.0 RC1. It will not work with earlier versions and may or may not work with later versions.
2. Copy the contents of the server folder included in this zip to the server folder of your FDS, overwriting any existing files.
3. Configure da.ini and the relevant gamemode.ini to your liking.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Update History:

Version 1.1:
  Additions:
   - The Drop Weapons Game Feature is now the Loot Game Feature and includes support for dropping backpacks, DNA powerups, and generic powerups(health/armor/weapons).
     The odds for what type of powerup will drop, and many other things, can be configured in the settings file.
   - Backpacks, and the newly added DNA poweups, will now have an icon above them that shows what weapons or character they contain.
   - The Parachutes Game Feature has been added. If enabled parachutes will automatically deploy when a player exits a flying vehicle above a certain height.
   - Messages have been added for when players steal an enemy vehicle.
   - Setting BlockFakeBeacons has been added and will prevent players from deploying beacons that would not damage an enemy building.
   - Settings EnablePlayerKillMessages, EnableVehicleKillMessages, EnableBuildingKillMessages, and EnableBotKillMessages have been added to the Advanced Kill Messages Game Feature.
   - Support for the vote keyboard shortcuts has been added.
   - Keyboard shortcut "VehKick" has been added to trigger "!vkick all". Clients will need to add and bind this key in the extended options menu to use it.
   - New console function "teammessage"/"thmsg" to send a host message to a specific team.
   - Some new documentation and examples have been added to the example plugin.
   - Added macros for simpler registering of global chat commands and key hooks.
   - Added macro to register console functions.
   - Events PowerUp_Grant, PowerUp_Grant_Request, Add_Weapon_Request, Add_Weapon, Remove_Weapon, and Clear_Weapons have been added to DAGameObjObserverClass.
   - Chat commands that are triggered by key hooks will now be passed TEXT_MESSAGE_KEYHOOK as the chat type.
  
  Changes:
   - All player based events will now be passed the player's cPlayer instead of their SoldierGameObj.
   - Vehicle shells will no longer spawn from AI controlled vehicles.
   - The _VEHKILL log messages have been split into _VEHKILL(player controllable vehicles), _HARVKILL(harvesters), _BUILDINGKILL(turrets/guard towers), and _BOTKILL(any other AI controlled vehicle).
   - The team messages generated by the Extra Radio Commands Game Feature and beacon deployments will no longer show up on IRC.

  Bug Fixes:
   - Fixed some memory leaks.
   - CanRepairBuildings, IsFriendlyFirePermitted, and BeaconPlacementEndsGame now work correctly when used in da.ini or gamemode.ini.
   - Fixed some color messages not working for players with scripts 2.6-3.4.
   - Fixed DA not being able to compile in debug mode.
   - Black Hand Rocket Soldiers in Domination mode will now work correctly with the Loot Game Feature.


Version 1.0.1:
  Bug Fixes:
   - Added missing cPlayer exports that would cause some plugins to not load correctly.
   - Fixed crash that occurred on certain fan maps with Tiberium Silos.
   - Fixed one of the examples in the example plugin not working.


Version 1.0:
   - Initial release


